Downgrading to firmware 1.0-2.0 beta 3 on the original iPhone or iPod Touch guide 

By lex.

	You need to install iTunes version 7.5, which allows you to offline restore, update, and downgrade 1.0-2.0 beta 3 on the original iPhone and iPod Touch. If you have iTunes installed, but it is a newer version then 7.5, you need to completely uninstall it.

To completely uninstall any iTunes version, download iTunes Eraser from http://whitera1n.com/ituneseraser. iTunes version 7.5 is also available from that page.

IPSW files to restore, update, and downgrade with can be downloaded from http://whitera1n.com/ipsw.

iTunes v7.5 is special. It's the last version of iTunes that doesn't require talking to Apple's servers for restoring, updating, and downgrading. 

	Once you have everything, you'll need to restore to the desired 
firmware. To do so, first enter DFU mode:

-Turn off the iPhone or iPod Touch.
-Press the power button for 3 seconds.
-Keep pressing the power button, but also press the home button, for a total of 10 seconds.
-Let go of the power button, but keep holding the home button, for 15 more seconds.

	You'll know if it worked if the screen of the iPhone or iPod Touch is black, but not off. Connect 
the iPhone or iPod Touch with a USB Dock cable to the Mac or Windows computer, and open iTunes. 
	Click ok when prompted by iTunes that your iPhone or iPod Touch is in DFU mode. Then place the 
mouse cursor on the restore button. Press down the shift key (on Windows) or the option key 
(on Mac firmware) and click. A new window will open, select your device's 1.0-1.1.5 or 2.0 beta 3 IPSW 
file, and wait for the restore to complete. 
	
	If your downgrading an iPhone from firmware 2.0 beta 2-iPhone OS 3.1.3 to firmware 1.0-1.1.4, you might need to restore twice or it may not boot out of Recovery Mode after the first restore otherwise. Repeat the restore procedure a second time after the first completes. After the second restore completes, your done. If you get an error 1012, 1013, or 1015 you need to  Exit Recovery Mode manually with a ZiPhone. Use the command ./ziphone -N or the Exit Recovery Mode Mode in the Mac OS X GUI.

	You'll need to use ZiPhone to activate your iPhone or iPod Touch after the restore so that you can use it properly, since iTunes can no longer activate it.